Consistent format for all DataView methods (#28630)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/dataview/setuint8/index.md

### Parameters

- `byteOffset`

>   - : The offset, in bytes, from the start of the view to store the data in.

Reviewer: I'm going to merge, but FYI this still reads a little bit odd.

```suggestion
  - : The offset from the start of the view, in bytes, where the data is to be stored.
```

Reviewer: Actually. Have approved. If you prefer this wording roll it out and merge. If not, just merge.

Reviewer: Ah, too slow. Oh well.

Author: Oops 😄 I think they are both fine. I don't have preference for either one. So the ship has sailed and just let it be it.
